
                              Shooting Gallery
                       Release 3.0   December 8, 1993

                                Nels Anderson
                               92 Bishop Drive
                         Framingham, MA 01701 U.S.A.

DESCRIPTION: Shooting Gallery is an arcade game with multiple rounds to
challenge your reflexes and aiming skills. To get started either read
the complete instructions file "SHOOT.DOC" or just start up the game and
view the help screens to learn how to play.

REQUIREMENTS: Shooting Gallery runs in 320x200, 256 color MCGA graphics,
thus an MCGA or VGA video card and monitor is needed. It also requires a
mouse. SoundBlaster and compatible sound cards are supported for
digitized sound effects. About 495,000 bytes of free conventional memory
is required to use all features including digitized sound.

SHAREWARE: Shooting Gallery is distributed as Shareware. You are free to
try the game and make copies for others. If you continue to use the
game, however, you must pay the author a registration fee of $15 (#12.95
in the U.K.; see "UKORDER.TXT" for details); in return you'll receive a
copy of the latest version of the program with the shareware reminders
removed and including a larger digitized sound effects library. A
"deluxe" version with binder and printed manual is available for $22.
Please include $2 shipping/handling with your payment, or $4 for deluxe
versions or shipping outside the U.S. Software distribution companies
may include Shooting Gallery in their catalog provided a copy of the
catalog is supplied to the author; please see the file "VENDOR.TXT" for
complete requirements.

FILES: The files included in Shooting Gallery v3.0 are as follows:

  SHOOT.EXE      Shooting Gallery program
  VGA256.BGI     Video driver
  SHOOTLIB.GXL   Sound effects library (registered version)
  SAMPLE.GXL     Sound effects library (shareware version)
  SHOOT.DOC      Documentation (instructions)
  SHOOT.TXT      This file
  ORDERFRM.TXT   A ready to print registration form
  UKORDER.TXT    Order form for U.K. users
  SHAREWRE.TXT   Information on Shareware
  *.PCC          Background pictures
  *.PIC          Target pictures
  VENDOR.TXT     Information for disk vendors, etc., on distributing
                 Shooting Gallery

All these files MUST be included when distributing this program. If you
archive the program for distribution through BBSes, please use the name
"SHOOTG30.ZIP" (or .LZH, .PAK, etc. as appropriate).

SUPPORT: Support for this software is provided through the Xevious BBS.
Call 508-875-3618 (300 thru 16800 bps, HST/v.32, 8N1) and leave a
C)omment for the sysop. The latest version will always be available
there first. Mail support is also available; please include an SASE with
your request. Finally, you can contact the author through CompuServe's
email system. Address to Nels Anderson [71020,2613].

AVAILABLE SOFTWARE: Other software which I've either written or
contributed to:

EGATREK:   Space strategy battle game, using hi-res graphics.
           Based on the classic minicomputer game, including
           maps, graphics, communications and even a view outside
           the ship.  Winner of Public Brand Software's 1988
           software contest.

           "...simply an amazing program, full of surprises and
           strategic challenges."
             -- ProGamer Magazine, Series 2, Volume 8

           "EGATrek is such a well-designed game, if you don't have
           EGA hardware, it's a good reason to upgrade."
             -- Shareware Magazine, July-August 1990

MAHJONGG:  Addictive solitaire game played with Chinese tiles.  Very
           easy to learn but always a challenge to win.  Many game
           options including timed games, different layouts, etc.  Also
           allows loading optional tile sets (tile editor included).
           Supports VGA, EGA and Hercules graphics; mouse optional.

           "Gorgeous board and tiles, challenging and addictive play."
             -- PCWorld Magazine, December 1988

           "...a visual feast and a mental workout."
             -- Compute! Magazine, April 1989

TMATCH:    Tile Match is a variation on concentration solitaire or
           "memory", but adds multiple player versions (up to four
           players) or play against the computer.  Many scoring and
           difficulty settings allow use by any age player.  Uses
           the same tiles for playing pieces as Mah Jongg solitaire
           and includes the tile editor.

TILESETS:  Several collections of tile sets created by various
           Mah Jongg fans are available.  Each collection includes
           at least ten tile sets.  Requires Mah Jongg v3.3 or later
           or any version of Tile Match.

CIPHER:    A word puzzle game, yet it uses hi-res VGA or EGA graphics
           to run (mouse optional).  Also will run in color text mode.
           Includes over 30 puzzles to solve; registered version comes
           with over 200 additional puzzles.  You can also enter your
           own already encrypted puzzles and additional puzzles are
           available.

SHOOT:     "Shooting Gallery" is a colorful arcade game with several
           different rounds to test your aim and reflexes, including
           skeet, quick draw, carnival type shooting range and a wild 
           west shootout.  Uses 320x200, 256 color mode and a mouse to
           play.  Requires VGA or MCGA.

           "Shooting Gallery is seven rounds of pure fun!"
             -- Patrick Grote

           "...one of the most entertaining, colorful, action-packed
           and challenging games I have seen."
             -- Vulcan's Compute Monthly, August 1990

SUPERFLY:  An action game using hi-res EGA/VGA graphics.  Chase the
           flies and other insects through twenty different rounds.
           Includes three levels of difficulty, hall of fame, shell
           to DOS, etc.

           "...fascinatingly mixes arcade action with strategic
           maneuvering."
             -- PC Magazine, vol. 10 #17 (10/15/91)

           "RATING: 10.0" (highest rating)
             -- Patrick Grote

MOUSTOOL:  A collection of utilities for Turbo Pascal programmers
           wishing to incorporate mouse input in their programs.
           Sample programs included for both EGA and CGA graphics.

BASSTOUR:  (Written by Dick Olsen).  Game that simulates a fishing
           tournament, including rod and lure selection.  Runs in
           EGA/CGA/Hercules graphics modes.  Uses many of the
           utilities from MOUSTOOL.

BASSMAP:   Companion program for BassTour which allows lakes to be
           created or modified.  EGA and CGA versions provided.


These programs are probably available on your favorite BBS or from your
favorite disk vendors. To register them or to order direct, use the form
in the file "ORDERFRM.TXT" (U.K. residents use "UKORDER.TXT") which is
all ready to print. The "deluxe" version includes the registered
software on diskette, plus a binder and printed manual (some programs
also include quick reference cards). The standard version includes just
the diskette with the registered software. You can also use your VISA or
MasterCard to order on-line thru the support BBS, Xevious, at
508-875-3618. Use the command CREDIT to order.

                                  - - - - -

Shooting Gallery is copyright (c) 1993 by Nels Anderson.  All rights reserved.

                         _______
                    ____|__     |               (R)
                 --|       |    |-------------------
                   |   ____|__  |  Association of
                   |  |       |_|  Shareware
                   |__|   o   |    Professionals
                 -----|   |   |---------------------
                      |___|___|    MEMBER
     
