                              Shooting Gallery
                       Release 3.0    December 8, 1993
                       Copyright 1993 by Nels Anderson
                             All Rights Reserved

                                Nels Anderson
                               92 Bishop Drive
                         Framingham, MA 01701 U.S.A.

                          Xevious BBS: 508-875-3618
                           CompuServe: 71020, 2613


This file contains information for disk vendors, BBS sysops, user groups,
etc. who wish to distribute this program. For the purposes of this
document, all of the above will be referred to as disk vendors.

This software is copyrighted material and is subject to certain restrictions
on copying and distribution.

Vendors of any type, whether program distribution is free or whether a fee
of any type is charged, may distribute this program under the following
conditions:

    - Any vendor using a non-traditional method of shareware distribution
      (specifically: retail rack vendors and CD-ROM publishers) may only
      distribute this program after contacting the author and obtaining
      written agreement. This applies to both ASP vendor members and 
      non-ASP members.

    - The vendor is an associate member of the Association of Shareware 
      Professionals and follows the requirements of such membership. Or if
      not an ASP member, the vendor properly represents the software as
      shareware and provides customers with a complete definition of the
      shareware concept. You must not advertise this software as "free",
      "cheap" or "public domain".

    - The vendor must in no way imply that they are "selling" the program
      but rather are only providing a duplication service where the program
      is provided for evaluation. You may not "rent" or "lease" copies of
      this program.

    - You do not rename, change or omit any of the provided files.

    - The vendor should provide the author with a copy of their catalog.

    - You may distribute this program in a compressed form. You may also
      include your own text files, "go.bat" startup files, etc. along with
      the program.

If you indicate ASP membership in your catalog, please do so for your
listing of this program.

The author reserves the right to withhold or withdraw permission to
distribute from anyone at any time for any reason.

Software reviewers: If you plan to review this software for publication,
please contact me first to make sure you have the most recent upgrade
version of the product and that the ordering information supplied to your
readers will be accurate.


Program:	Shooting Gallery
Version:	3.0
Size:		388k
BBS Name:       SHOOTG30.ZIP
To run, type:	shoot
Registration:	$15 ($22 for printed manual/binder)
Program Type:	Arcade game
Monitor Type:	VGA/MCGA
Mouse:		Yes--required
Sound Card:     Supports SoundBlaster

One line description:  Seven rounds of colorful shooting action

Short description:

Includes seven different rounds of shooting action including carnival
shooting gallery, skeet, quick draw and a wild west shoot out. Has
practice for each round, hall of fame, game statistics, etc.

Detailed description:

Shooting Gallery is a colorful arcade game with several different
rounds to test your shooting skill. Included is a traditional
carnival shooting range, skeet shooting, quick draw target shooting
and a wild west shoot out. Options include practice of individual
rounds, hall of fame and statistics for individual rounds.

Each round includes bright 256 color graphics and plenty of sound
effects, including support for SoundBlaster. With the variety of
rounds this game is sure to keep you challenged for a long time.
