

               Tank Wars
               Release 2.0
               Copyright (C) 1990 by Kenny Morse
               -----------------------------------------------


DESCRIPTION:  This is a game for 1 to 10 players.  Opponents
     attempt to destroy each others tanks by firing various
     weapons at them.  There are also 6 computer intelligences
     available to compete against.

NAME CHANGE:  This program was written under the working title of
     BOMB, as the files are still called.  However, due to the
     fact that there is already a game of that name, I was forced
     to change it to Tank Wars.  If there is already a game of
     that name, would the author please inform me so that I can
     change the name again.

REQUIREMENTS:  This program runs in 320x200x256 color mode. 
     Currently it will only run with a VGA monitor attached, and
     running as the current monitor.  A mouse is not required,
     but utilized if present and Microsoft compatible.  This was
     written on my 16MHz PS/2 55SX.  The game is currently
     untested on machines of greater speed.  At 8MHz certain
     parts are a little slow.  At 4.77Mhz the game is painfully
     slow.

SHAREWARE:  TANK WARS is distributed as Shareware.  You are free
     to try the game and make copies for others.  If you continue
     to use the game, however, you are required to pay the author
     a registration fee of $10. Please include any comments you
     may have.  Registered users will be added to my mailing
     list.  You will be notified of major releases of this
     program.

FILES:  The following files are included in this package:

     BOMB.EXE:      Main File
     BOMB.OVR:      Overlay File
     BOMB.TXT:      This File
     BOMB.DOC:      Documentation
     REVISION.HST:  List of changes
     BOMB1.RAW:     Graphics file
     BOMB2.RAW:     Graphics file
     BOMB.ICO:      Icon file for Windows 3.0 users.

     All previously listed files are Copyright (C) 1990 by Kenny
     Morse and may not be modified in any way.

SUPPORT:  Currently electronic support will be provided to
     everybody.  I can be reached on Prodigy at TGTM35B, and on
     Compuserve at 76427,3305.  My address is listed in the
     documentation file.  Mailed questions will be answered only
     for registered users, please include a self addressed
     stamped envelope or CIS or Prodigy ID so that I can respond.

TECHNICAL INFO:  This program has been tested on very few
     machines.  It was designed on a 16Mhz PS/2 55SX, with 6MB of
     memory.  Thus it is almost sure to work on another 55SX.  It
     has shown repeated problems ATI VGA cards.  The ATI does not
     palette switch correctly with my program.  If this problem
     exists on your machine, player 3 will be the same color as
     player 1, instead of being blue as it should be, and the
     third weapon in the selection strip will be highlighted
     regardless of whether you own it.  I would appreciate a
     response from any ATI users stating whether or not they
     encounter this problem.  Since this problem was first
     discovered, it has been reported on 3 other ATI's.  I have
     rewritten the palette routines, with luck this solved the
     problem.  If not, I would appreciate a response from anyone
     with knowledge about ATI cards.
          When this problem manifests itself it can become
     difficult to determine what weapon is currently selected.  I
     am working on the problem, for the moment the best advice I
     can offer is that you when you are ready to fire, call up
     your status, in the status box the current weapon will be
     red.
          Again, the problem may be solved. If anyone using this
     new version has previously had the problem, would you please
     inform me as to whether it is fixed or not.  There were many
     things I did not add because they would not work on
     problemed cards.  If the problem is solved I can add these
     in. 


GRAPHICS FILES:  It is no longer necessary to have BOMB1.RAW and
     BOMB2.RAW to play the game.  If you need the disk space,
     delete BOMB1.RAW.  This will cause the program to only load
     BOMB2.RAW and the title screen will be less spectacular. 
     Deleting BOMB2.RAW causes the title screen to be skipped
     altogether.

MEMORY USAGE:  This program was written in Turbo Pascal, and uses
     the internal overlay manager.  If EMS is present, it will
     load the entire overlay file into EMS. It will then swap in
     and out of conventional memory.  If you don't have EMS, all
     swapping will be to/from disk.  The program will take
     advantage of all the conventional memory present. If you
     have enough conventional memory, the entire overlay will be
     loaded in, and no swapping will occur.  If you have less
     memory, swapping will occur and the program will run
     noticeably slower.  To determine whether you have enough
     memory, simply execute BOMB /MEM.  If the number listed as
     "Overlay Set To" is greater than the size of the overlay
     (BOMB.OVR), no swapping is necessary.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:  I would like to thank Borland, for without
     Turbo Pascal, this program could never have been written.  I
     would also like to thank Microsoft, for I could not have
     written this so easily without a multi-tasking environment. 
     I also would like to thank WordPerfect Corp. for WordPerfect
     with which I wrote these files.  Finally I would like to
     thank Chris Sparks and Brett Moseley for their endless hours
     of beta testing and contributed ideas. 